[Music] I
wanted to comment on the subject of Marta Riesco,
not to go unnoticed because today
Marta Riesco is flying with a
low profile in this last season.
Well, in fact, I think she's been
flying with a low profile for several months now,
eh, prudent. Also, because
the trial is very pending, I don't know what
day the trial is, but it's December 5th, it's
December 5th, I see it as likely, I see it as likely that
the trial took place and that's why Marta
appeared today again. I see it as likely
that it was the trial, that's why
Marta appeared again. mm the 13th is for
sure. Sam said the date. mm it
's not that since she appeared again because of
her stories with the subject, remembering eh
how bad it was for her both with Sálvame,
as well, while she was in
the relationship with Antonio David. But not
because of Antonio David as such, but because of
how things turned out and so on. I mean, I do
n't see that she threw Antonio David away,
eh, that there were like people messing with
Marta. Oh, leave Antonio David, leave Antonio
David. Well, let's see, the trial was the  day 3 let's
see there are a lot of people saying
that the trial is on the 13th and there are people
saying that the third is okay
eh I know the 13th sounds more good to me the
13th the 13th was
last year not the 13th the 13th
was last year
they told me that on December 13th I was going to
[ __ ] myself no well let's see what I
upload Marta really reliving all of
this is being so hard Okay so this
surely means that he's reviewing
that he's reviewing eh Sure if he's
reliving it's because you're reviewing for
the trial we're talking about the
5th the 13th is the 13th is
in 8 days We're talking about
Wednesday not Wednesday If my calculations aren't mistaken next
Wednesday next
Wednesday this week I was coming to
Galicia to see the lawyers is it
true what he said It's true you who
saw it up close What does a C otter with a
z look like
up close [ __ ] [ __ ]
you what does a C otter look like up
close [ __ ] you how do you  Jorge happened,
man, with how, with how, with how nice, man,
Jorge was to me when I went to
when I went to Tele5 in the summer, how
nice and how well he behaved with me
when he saw me, man, he went all out with Marta
and I spoke to him, uh, I spoke to him about the
Marta issue and he told me that he
considered her a good worker. What
happens is that of course she had gotten herself into
where she had gotten herself into and had messed up
the whole issue, of course, who was
going to take her on and so on, you know, no,
the name was stained, I think that was
a few months ago, yeah, uh, I mean,
Marta's name was like very much on
Tele5, yeah, a teleco character with Antonio
David in the middle and so on, but since
the months have gone by, I think that's
been forgotten a bit. No, I think that Marta
could perfectly find another
job, no, it's not going to be for life, already
condemned, no, not to not
working, well, today, the truth is that not
even being serious, she's happy.
Look, this is the first time that I've been
here at the FIA, she's really excited, man.
This  It's in the afternoon, this is
afternoon, damn, I didn't remember, I didn't
remember this scene in particular, eh. I
remember when he gets up, he says, he's a
pain, he's an abuser, he eats and all. No,
but damn, I didn't remember this, man, how
ugly. How far did it go with her,
Marta has her things, but Marta is
good, eh. Let's see, today I'm really bad, I ca
n't believe everything I had to live through. I feel
so sad and helpless for
seeing everything they did to me. I wish I could have
hugged that Marta and
told her that everything will pass, I just ask for
justice and to go back to work. Hey,
poor guy, eh, I'm sending you a
huge kiss from here and I hope you have a lot of luck, eh.
Next week, I think we
should all now, let's put there, not
one, one, a show of affection, a
show of affection, this has made me very sad,
eh, it has made me very sad. There's more, I'm
going to send you a wasita, I'm also going to
send you a WhatsApp, I'm going to send you a WhatsApp, I'm also
going to put it. We're
looking at what you've put today, good
luck, next week, you'll see
that you'll be working soon. I'm going to  put
Hey by the sill already eh I don't like to
see people like this I hope
I find a job for those who said that it was
going to be a survivor set and all that and has
n't done anything very well Anica very well
And also that in addition that it is like that
let's say that this is no longer or rather this is
no longer an opinion or rather this this is no longer an
opinion This is like that I mean she hasn't done
anything for magazines or anything however
Olga has wanted to slip us into a ruckus
with the thing of eh stop following photography
outside and all that with her relationship with
Agustín pay attention to the detail I have nothing
against Olga or anything it's not an
attack but attention eh to the detail almadía
Javier Olivera was right kisses handsome
kisses Hey not even after two
years of fair have I been able to get
a smile out of her her attitude has been very
unpleasant I'm still quite
disoriented because I didn't expect it from
a colleague she felt very upset she
has a pretty bad image of this program
and if you like let's go see
the nice words that she dedicated to us
this morning in her Direct codrilo  bomb
kisses Thank you very much the superchats are playing now
on
Ana Rosa's show Well here I am at the fair very
happy to be back 2 years later
I hope that my colleagues, especially
Salva's, let me work because
things have started to get a bit complicated of
course she's a reporter and they
're bothering her about the issue it's that
Marta has her things eh I mean when I
have to criticize her I think I
criticize her I think when I've had to
criticize her I criticize her eh okay Ivan now
we see him as king but she's not bad I haven't
discovered a bad Malta we've
known her for two years eh And it's
also that her role is complicated eh
the girl
eh but let's see you've been on top
of her the whole time harassing her I don't know you've
given her the finger how ugly of you to
ignore me like that Marta man what a
reporter it's as if you go to the camera I
mean imagine that the camera imagine not
normally goes when they're going to cover something
on the street the editor goes okay the
reporter the reporter and a camera Okay
then you  Imagine that people from another
program are bothering the cameraman who
is doing his job there he can't
work man because the truth is that
her role is also you know man I
a program that has left me
ridiculed and that has done
so many things to me where a presenter
has
insulted me no no no fact is
aware of where they have to
be I am going to take legal action for
all the ridicule and vexations
that the factory has done don't you think
you're a little exaggerated No well that has to be
decided don't you think you're
a little exaggerated there is the
presenter of the program telling her What does
a sen otter look like up close don't you think you
're a little exaggerated he tells her
what smokes we have and Marta we are already
seeing that Marta doesn't hear me
too much when I want to ask her
look we are in is working
After two years I am working and no
one I respect it deeply no no you are
respecting It's not that it's that he is
right and to all of you who give me your
love thank you it reaches me the only thing I
ask is to return to work in what I have been
doing since  15 years ago I hope
that the rest of the networks programs
presenters value the work that I have been
developing and in which I have
excelled and give me the opportunity to
do it again I only ask for work
in addition to all this hell that I had to
live through my phone has not rung
once to return to my profession and I
ask myself why where is the sisterhood
Where are the colleagues
who tell me that they admire me and wish me to
win giving me an opportunity
because this fear the worst is not what
happened to me the worst is that after
taking measures against something that was
hellish my phone does not ring it is that
we are relating it maybe its
image for the other networks with
tele5 but And what well Gema
López is not there well Lidia Losano is not there
now on Spanish television because she
can't is Marta well Lidia
Losano Rocio Carrasco Terelu are not
all there now on other networks
but if Marta gives 7 million
turns I remind you that all those who
participated in all this are
all working Except me the teaching
that we are giving is that if
we report or complain we never
work again in what we are passionate about That is
the basis with which they play I ask other
networks and programs to help me Well I
support her I support her because we
are here and we started this theme
on the channels to report this type
of things Javi
hire him Look well look Well look I would
hire her I would hire her What
happens is that of course maybe no no Let's see is
that Marta doesn't want to be a collaborator in a gossip-mongering way You
know For
me I would be delighted to have her around
here often but of course I support her and I
wish her the best What do you mean please No
I do let's see Thank you very much Josefina
says Josefina as a gift for 20 members
thank you very much Ana Josefina for the bisom
Thank you very much sweetheart Eh well last
topic last topic and and go up to Anne okay
while you hit the like button
last topic and go up to Anne and here I want you to
kiss yourselves eh I found out that Jenny
beautiful rang the bells I put it
on Twitter yes brutal it is the award it is the
award from the government that  Give
these people Clear, you tell me why
they put it, let's see why
Why do you think they put Jenny Hermoso
to ring the bells this year Why,
because of what happened if there are no
more
foreigners